Hi Wayne, thanks for the reply.  It would be great if you could develop
something for item 5.  I think Orlando Alvarado is having difficulty
getting anyone from Williams signed up for it.  As for item 6, I may
have an interested party for that one but I'll keep you posted.

thanks again,
kh

-----Original Message-----
From: Wayne.Sartore@cnpl.enbridge.com
[mailto:Wayne.Sartore@cnpl.enbridge.com]
Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2001 4:42 PM
To: Hyatt, Kevin
Subject: Re: Electric Pwr Conf - Natural Gas Infrastructure Committee



Kevin, we have not yet had the opportunity to meet as I have not been
able to
make it to the Committee meetings as Carrie had set-up. Taking a look at
the
Agenda, I can probably help with items 5 or 6 and would be happy to
develop and
deliver a presentation or would ensure that a senior representative from
Enbridge would do that. My natural tendency (with my current position in
Northern Pipeline Development) would be towards the Agenda Item No. 5
(New
Supply  Sources), but I probably could find a good resource within
Enbridge to
present some views and thinking on the Infrastructure De-bottlenecking
item.

Please let me know what you think............ wayne

I look forward to the Conference and to getting a chance to meet you.
